South Africa's President Zuma faces a motion of no-confidence as MPs vote in a secret ballot shortly. Opposition parties believe that MPs from the governing African National Congress (ANC) would be more likely to vote against the president if their vote is secret.Rival protests have been held in Johannesburg, Pretoria and Cape Town, where the vote will take place.Mr Zuma has so far survived seven no-confidence votes - none held in secret. The parliament's speaker, Baleka Mbete, made the decision to hold the vote in secret on Monday, after opposition parties took the case to the Constitutional Court. The debate in parliament is under way.At least 50 out of the ANC's 249 MPs would need to vote against the president in order for the no-confidence motion to pass.Following a 90-minute debate, the House will adjourn to prepare for the vote. A bell will then be rung and MPs called in alphabetical order to collect their ballot papers. There are three options on the ballot paper: Yes, No or Abstain.After each MP has voted, the ballot boxes will be sealed. A representative from each party will be called to witness the count. The counting room will be guarded by the Sergeant-in-Arms, under the supervision of the party representatives and Speaker.Finally, the bell will be rung again and the speaker will announce the results. Criticism of Mr Zuma has increased this year, after he fired his widely-respected finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, in March. This came amid accusations that the president had become too close to the wealthy Gupta family, who are accused of trying to influence politician decisions - including the sacking of Mr Gordhan.Mr Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing.Johannesburg police are on high alert ahead of the vote, the city's Councillor for Public Safety, Michael Sun, said in a statement. Soweto seems to be 1 of the majorly affected areas with protesters still onsite as JMPD manages the situation @CityofJoburgZA pic.twitter.com/tRfCUwiZjkEnd of Twitter post by @JMPDSafetyHe has faced numerous corruption allegations, all of which he has denied.His critics also say he has mismanaged the economy and failed to raise living standards.The Guptas and their links to ZumaSouth Africa's anti-corruption crusaderHow Zuma's Nkandla home has grownMr Zuma is due to step down as head of the ANC in December, ahead of the 2019 general election. He has endorsed his ex-wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma as his successor. Also vying for the leadership is Cyril Ramaphosa, a former trade unionist and one of South Africa's wealthiest politicians. Zuma's ex-wife bids to succeed himCyril Ramaphosa - the man who wants to make South Africa greatThe decision to hold a secret ballot has surprised many and injects a new element of uncertainty into the proceedings against the president, reports the BBC's Nomsa Maseko in Cape Town.The question now is whether enough ANC MPs are prepared to make a stand against the president, she adds.ANC MP Makhosi Khoza was given security protection last month after she received deaths threats for saying she would vote against the president, calling him "a disgrace".Meanwhile, the opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) has urged ANC MPs to "vote with their conscience". The party's leader, Mmusi Maimane, told journalists that with a secret ballot, they "have no excuse".The ANC has described the no-confidence motion as a "political ploy" designed to remove the government "outside of general elections".