Can Africa's biggest economy swap its addiction to oil for the starchy tubers that millions line their bellies with each day? "It's our biggest hope," says Nigeria's Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development Audu Ogbeh. The global slump in oil prices has hit the West African nation hard, where oil exports make up more than 70% of government revenues.  Yam production meanwhile is thriving - in fact the UN's food agency says Nigeria produces more than 60% of the entire world's yams. Despite this, Nigeria is not one of the world top exporters.  Its neighbour, Ghana, produces far less but exports more yams to European countries such as the UK than Nigeria does.  Spotting this discrepancy, Nigeria launched an ambitious yam export scheme earlier this year.  It is hoped that exporting more yam will diversify Nigeria's oil-dependent economy, which has plunged into its worst recession in a quarter of a century because of falling global oil prices over the past couple of years.  The government also wants to provide young people in particular with jobs in agriculture.  Europe and the US are the main focus of the programme.  And the large Nigerian diaspora around the world is also a potentially big market. So many growers and traders are encouraged by plans to boost exports. 'We are happy and excited," says Saleh Adamu Asiri, a local yam trader in the town of Agyaragu, a yam-producing community in central Nasarawa state.  "Exporting yam is a big opportunity to expand our business and we are ready to export. The country will benefit too.'' Despite it being a government programme, the yam export initiative is driven by the private sector. The state is only responsible for striking inter-governmental agreements with importing countries, giving the green light for the trade. Some say there are already bumps in the road. ''I have been able to export 76 tonnes of yam to the US," says Prince Vincent Yandev Amaabai, a yam exporter. "The main challenge is funding." "So if government can encourage banks to assist us, and liaise with the freight companies to bring down the price for us - that will be better.''  He says the high cost of preserving and transporting yams abroad have prevented him from making decent profits. It costs more than $10,000 (£7,400) to ship 30 tonnes of yams to the US, and transportation is slow - taking about 40 days to arrive in the US by sea from Nigeria. Some of the yams rot away before reaching the destination, adding to the overall cost. Just over 200 tonnes of yam have been exported to Europe and America since the scheme was launched in June - a fraction of the 60 million tonnes produced every year.  More than 30% of Nigeria's yams rot away every year because of poor preservation.  Nigeria's government wants yam and other agricultural products to replace oil as the mainstay of the economy after the recent worldwide oil slump.  So desperate was the situation that government salaries have gone unpaid, with barely a mention made of developmental projects and social amenities.   Eku Public Holiday o! Best way to start the weekend. I'm about to chop my breakfast - fufu with leftover bitterleaf soup inside pot. Le Hub is looking at me like - 'where in heavens did I meet you?' Yinmu! When he was pursuing me all over that he wan marry me, he no know say na original market he dey buy. 10,000 Swiss lace wife material with a little 'teru' mixed in (somebody shud epp me hesplain what teru is to non Yoruba peepu, plix) I heard plenty at Mama Nonso yesterday o. Chai! I now sabi who no dey cook for house, who the husband no dey give money, who the pikin no get respect, who no dey greet inlaw, who buy car for wife, who dey vex for who etc. I wonder wetin my own gist go be. Happy New Month to us all! It's the last month of 2017. May it come with bountiful blessings to crown the year in Jesus name. The Advert Discount posts have started rolling out. Please remember to support our small businesses by sharing the posts and patronizing them. If you are a business and want to showcase what you do, this is a great opportunity at a 50% discounted rate of N2,500. Slide into my DM/Inbox for payment details. I would have invited you all to coman eat fufu with me bhet unfortunately, ayam not at home. #publicholiday #itsfriday #lagoshousewife #fufu #bitterleaf #soup #advertdiscount #smallbusiness #sme #womeninbusiness #support #discount A post shared by LagosHouseWife (@lagoshousewife) on Dec 1, 2017 at 12:57am PST End of Instagram post  by lagoshousewife  TV3 Fufu !!! #localdish #GhanaMade #MadeInGhana #Tradition #Fufu #GoatMeat #Chicken A post shared by Nana Brempong Kwabena II (@kobby__jr_) on Nov 30, 2017 at 5:48am PST End of Instagram post  by kobby__jr_ Critics say Nigeria should process yams locally, seeing this as a lost opportunity. ''Fantastic idea! But ask them how much it costs to set up a yam flour processing factory," says the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr Ogbeh. "You use full grade stainless steel."  Mr Ogbeh says that for now, the best course is to export raw yams.  "We have obstacles in our economic ambitions. When we stabilise, and when electricity and interest rates become more reasonable and repayable, Nigerians can try that."  So can Nigeria's government really bring in more than $6bn ($4.5bn) every year with yam exports and create thousands of jobs, as it has claimed? 'Yes, and not only yam. Other items are going to follow," says Mr Ogbeh. "But yam is going to be our major hope.'' But Nigeria lacks good storage facilities, the transportation system is very poor, and local traders and exporters are struggling.  There are also concerns that greater demand abroad could inflate prices for customers at home, potentially hitting the poorest who rely most on the staple food.  ''We need help from the government," says Cecilia John, a farmer, who nevertheless backs the push for exports. "Help in terms of loans, tractors, fertilisers, herbicides and insecticides. If we get these, we will produce many times what we produce now and we will earn more money to take care of our children very well.'' Analysts echo the view that exports of the starch could help to iron out Nigeria's economic woes, but only with sufficient resources and support for producers.