A Nigerian senator has been criticised for his appearance in a music video depicting his lavish lifestyle. The song Dino, named after Dino Melaye, features lyrics like "100 cars in the parking lot like I'm Dino". The video shows rapper Kach pretending to eat dollar bills, displaying expensive cars, a mansion, jewellery and shoes. Mr Melaye represents the Kogi West constituency, where many local civil servants are owed months of back-pay. And many people took to social media to criticise him: So Dino Melaye has abandoned his legislative obligations for a cameo in a musical video. This country honestly is a joke pic.twitter.com/YrczIkydOb End of Twitter post  by @ennyade66 Dino Melaye's appearance in that music video by Petroleum Minister Kachikwu's son seems like a middle finger to Nigerians. They don't even get the irony, or are we being hypersensitive? End of Twitter post  by @gimbakakanda Fancy cars, a golden skull & lots of $100 bills. I wonder how much Nigerian senator Dino Melaye, who 'wrote' a book called Antidotes For Corruption, paid for this song about himhttps://t.co/WWuHxKOVqv End of Twitter post  by @rachelmsavage In the video, Mr Melaye, 43, is seen stepping out of a car, wearing a T-shirt labelled Legend. The senator is well known for his love of luxury cars, champagne and designer clothes, as his Instagram account shows.  "Money is anything money" can buy. This is the definition of money by a respected prof of economics. Don't twist my write up haters. A post shared by  Dino Melaye (@dinomelaye) on Oct 2, 2017 at 5:38am PDT End of Instagram post  by dinomelaye  Got a big Big God A post shared by  Dino Melaye (@dinomelaye) on Oct 27, 2017 at 11:19am PDT End of Instagram post 2 by dinomelaye  God is Supreme A post shared by  Dino Melaye (@dinomelaye) on Oct 12, 2017 at 11:37am PDT End of Instagram post 3 by dinomelaye  My Toys. My passion Noni! Talk oya talk A post shared by  Dino Melaye (@dinomelaye) on Oct 7, 2017 at 7:40am PDT End of Instagram post 4 by dinomelaye Other lyrics in the song include: "Popping bottles in the club is nothing like I'm Dino" and "Dino Melaiye k'oshi  mi o raye", meaning "Get out, I don't have time for this," followed by the chorus "Dino, Dino, Dino". End of Youtube post  by UCHE KACHIKWU Kach, the son of Nigeria's petroleum minister Ibe Kachikwu, has come to the defence of the senator, saying he has done nothing wrong. "He just did the video to support me," he told BBC Pidgin. "He's not representing the nation in my video." In the video, Mr Melaye also does his signature dance routine of pulling down his eye-lids and staring at the camera in defiance of his critics. Last year the senator released a video of himself dancing and singing what is now known as the "ajeku iya song"- a Yoruba proverb which states that if you confront someone bigger than you, you are bound to be badly beaten up. Kogi State Best Senator; Dino MelayeWatch him sing and dance in this funny videoLike & RT #APSMag #InstinctWave @dino_melaye @kogireports @KOGIAPC #theywerehitswednesday #MaxBreakfast #MakeUnaWakeUpShow #MorningRush #Kogi #AmstelMaltaBest pic.twitter.com/7YpSakHV2t End of Twitter post  by @APSmag